Adding section on passing arguments to fused.run() (#345)
fusedio/fused-docs: docs/core-concepts/run-udfs/run.mdx

Set `sync=False` to run a UDF [asynchronously](/core-concepts/async/).

### Passing arguments in [`fused.run()`](/python-sdk/top-level-functions/#run)

A typical [`fused.run()`](/python-sdk/top-level-functions/#run) call of a UDF looks like this:

```python showLineNumbers
@fused.udf
def my_udf(inputs: str):
    import pandas as pd
    return pd.DataFrame({"output": [inputs]})

fused.run(my_udf, inputs="hello world")
```

A [`fused.run()`](/python-sdk/top-level-functions/#run) call will require the following arguments:

> 1. [Mandatory] The first argument needs ot be the UDF to run (name, object, token, etc [as seen above](/core-concepts/run-udfs/run-small-udfs/#fusedrun))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Mandatory] The first argument needs to be the UDF to run (name, object, token, etc [as seen above](/core-concepts/run-udfs/run-small-udfs/#fusedrun))
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Mandatory] The first argument is the UDF to run (name, object, token, etc [as seen above](/core-concepts/run-udfs/run-small-udfs/#fusedrun))
```

(this is maybe shorter and simpler)

> 2. [Optional] Any arguments of the UDF itself (if it has any). In the example above that's `inputs` because `my_udf` takes `inputs` as arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Optional] Any arguments of the UDF itself (if it has any). In the example above that's `inputs` because `my_udf` takes `inputs` as argument.
```
